NARRATOR:
Previously on Bates Motel...
This is crazy, Mom.
I'm Keith Summers.
This is my family's property.
(SCREAMS)
This house is mine.
Norman!
And everything in this house
is mine.
(GRUNTING)
Mother.
We came here to start over.
I am starting over.
We're gonna have to
pull up the whole carpet.
EMMA: Four girls from China
are sold into sex slavery.
One of them dies
from an overdose.
They force the other girls to
carry her body into the hills,
dig a grave, and then bury
her by a shed in the trees.
We can find the spot
and find the grave.
Then we'll know
if it's real or not.
(GASPS) Norman! It's a
shed from the pictures.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
NORMA: Norman!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That's a little
uncomfortable.
Not a good idea.
What's up?
What?
(CHUCKLES)
That's what I thought.
Good morning,
Mr. and Mrs. Bates.
You know, I could
use your help today.
The new carpet
is being delivered,
and somebody needs
to be here to sign for it.
(SIGHS)
You know, I'd love to,
but I have a job.
Doing what exactly?
Nothing.
You know, that's
a piece of my china.
It's not a to-go container.
Can we talk?
We're gonna be late
for class.
Okay, I'll do
bullet points.
I'm terrified
those guys with the guns
are gonna try and find
us because we saw
their stupid pot field.
And I feel so incredibly
guilty, I couldn't sleep.
Why do you feel guilty? We weren't
trying to see their pot field.
Not about that.
I feel guilty because...
Well, because
I was just using that whole
"Let's go look for
the grave of the dead girl"
as a way to get you
to go hang out with me.
It was totally and
completely self-serving.
And I didn't even
really believe it was true
until I saw the shed.
And when I saw it,
I just got this feeling,
like an electric shock.
Like, "Oh, my God,
"that poor dead girl is buried there."
Like, I knew it deep inside of me.
Emma, calm down. I can't. That dead
girl is calling us from the grave.
We'll put this away. We have to go to class.
Forget about it.
I can't forget about it. It's on
these pages in black and white.
Maybe you better
give me back the journal.
What?
It's pornographic.
We're in school.
Most text messages
are dirtier than this.
Why are you
so obsessed with it?
Hey, I found it
in your room.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm obsessed with it?
I'm not obsessed with it.
So it was in my room.
That doesn't mean anything.
That just means that I found
it and didn't throw it away.
I've got to run to class.
(SCHOOL BELL RINGING)
TEACHER: Norman?
You Okay?
(HEART BEATING)
Norman, what
are you doing?
Norman, you know this.
You answered all these
questions yesterday in class.
What are you doing?
Norman?
Norman, you know this.
Answer...
Norman? Norman?
(EXCLAIMING)
Oh!
(SIRENS WAILING)
NORMA: What exactly
are you testing for?
Well, this kind of blackout can be
due to a number of different things.
We're covering everything
that could be a factor.
Brain, heart, nervous system.
Okay.
We'll do a full workup.
MRI, CT, EKG.
A battery of blood tests.
Mmm.
Does your son have a
history of blackouts?
Why would you
ask me that?
I'm trying to establish
a history.
It's standard.
So has he ever
blacked out before?
No. No, never.
Not at all.
(SIGHS)
DYLAN: This is where
they shot Deliverance?
ETHAN: What's that?
The movie.
You know, "Boy, you
got a pretty mouth."
What kind of movies
you watch?
The kind where bad things happen to
people in the middle of the woods.
(ETHAN LAUGHS)
Relax, man. We're here.
Wow!
It's just...
Wow.
Yeah, it's something
to see, huh?
(GUN CLICKING)
MAN: Get on the ground!
(LAUGHS)
Damn. Look who's packing.
We're just messing
with you, newb.
Hey, you probably want to
keep that up front, though,
quick draw.
Later, Ethan.
Hey, newb, don't shoot
your pants off. (LAUGHS)
Yeah, and make him get us
some more firewood, too.
What do we do now?
We chill.
You can even sleep
if you want.
As long as we do it
in shifts.
There's 5 million dollars'
worth of weed in these fields.
Someone's got to guard it.
300 bucks a day
just to hang out?
That's right.
(TV PLAYING)
Norman, it's not a toy.
We'll get the test results
soon, don't worry.
I'm not. Are you?
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Hello.
You're there now?
(SIGHS)
Well, I'm not, no.
No, I can't.
Mom, what is it?
Next week? No, no,
we can't wait that long.
It's the carpet.
They're there right now.
They need someone to sign.
Well, go, I'll be fine.
Um... It's not like
I'm going anywhere.
Okay. Okay,
you know what?
Just stay put,
and I'll be there in 10.
Okay-
I'm gonna...
I'll be back. Okay?
Yeah?
I love you.
Love you, too, Mom.
Tag, you're it.
Bradley, thanks.
Sorry we didn't get
to talk when you visited.
Meant a lot to me
that you were there.
No big deal.
No, it was.
No one else came.
You're brave, Norman Bates.
So I figured
I'd return the favor.
How's your father?
He's in a medically
induced coma.
They don't think
he's gonna make it.
I know, death is awkward.
So what about your dad? He
doesn't live with you, right?
No, he passed away.
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
It was an accident
in our garage.
Hayden and Lissa
don't get it,
what it's like.
Can I stay for
a little while?
Yeah, sure.
You know, I was just
watching this old movie.
It's pretty bad,
but kind of funny bad.
You like old movies?
Yeah, I guess I do.
Everyone seems better in
old movies, even bad ones.
Happier maybe.
But we can watch something else.
No!
Scooch over.
(TALKING INDISTINTCLY)
You just want to be happy.
This says that you delivered
carpeting for five units.
It's only
supposed to be four.
Well, you'll have
to call the office, ma'am.
ROMERO: Police!
Okay, Jeffcoat, Leung,
Lopez, take the ground floor.
Haines and Shelby...
What is going on here?
We got a warrant
to search your house.
You can't just walk
into my home.
No, actually, we can.
Well...
Oh, sorry.
I was needed back home.
I was just about to tell your
son, the tests came back.
Everything's negative.
Oh, good. Good.
Negative is good, Norman.
That means it's good. Everything's fine.
Good, thank God.
Okay, so we can go home?
I'd like to keep him here
overnight for observation
in case of a recurrence.
But you said he was okay.
I said the tests
were negative.
We still don't know
why this happened.
I'll be back to check
on him in the morning.
What?
Get your stuff together.
We're leaving.
But... No.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
Oh, no, no.
You can't do that.
Doctor said he's fine.
We're going home.
The doctor has to
check him out of here.
I am his mother,
and I am checking him out.
That Romero came back today
with a search warrant.
The police were still there
when I left.
I have no idea
if they found anything.
It was one of the most horrible
experiences of my life.
I couldn't do anything
about it.
Did they find anything?
No, I just told you, I don't
know if they found anything.
I mean, there's nothing
to find, right?
So how could they find anything?
Right.
Right. Right,
yeah, of course, nothing.
I mean, we scrubbed that whole
floor with a toothbrush.
We got rid of everything. We got rid
of every thread. There's nothing.
There's nothing.
Right, Mom, nothing.
But you didn't see them
take anything out?
Why do you keep
asking me that?
No, there was nothing
to take out.
Right?
Right. Right, Mom, nothing.
Norman?
I just need to lay down
and change.
What's wrong with me?
Hi, honey.
Mother.
Oh, this smells so good.
I made you
a turkey pot pie.
Will you set
the table for me?
I kept Keith's belt.
What?
When we loaded his body
into the car, I kept it.
Why?
(GASPING)
Okay-
Uh, where is it now?
I don't know. What do you
mean, you don't know?
You don't know
where you left it?
I left it under my bed.
Now it's gone.
Are you sure? Maybe it's somewhere else.
I'm sure.
No, it was under my bed.
I hid it there.
You hid it there?
I mean, why?
Why would you do that?
Why would you want
to keep that thing?
I don't know.
(SIGHS)
All right, well,
if the police had found it,
they would have
said something, right?
They would have told us.
I don't know.
Okay, I will be right back.
So can we, uh... Can we
watch it and smoke it?
Not on the job.
How is this even possible?
I mean, don't people
in town get suspicious?
This is what's keeping
this town alive.
Who owns all this?
Couple families
from town.
Who's in charge
of these families?
You ask a lot of questions.
I just don't want to
end up like that guy
who got his warehouse
burned down.
Jerry. He was my boss.
Mid-level guy.
Pissed somebody off, so they
messed him up real good.
Set him on fire
to send a message.
That's a hell of a message.
Yeah, don't worry about it.
They got their own. Eye for an
eye and all that. You know?
You mean that guy hanging
from the yardarm?
Everything should
settle back down now.
You want a beer?
Yeah, sure.
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
What the hell was that?
Grab that shotgun.
Come on.
What?
Ever hunted pheasant?
(KNOCKING)
We need to talk.
I can't, Emma. My mom's out.
I don't feel good.
But...
No!
I know you passed out.
I never feel good, Norman,
but life keeps moving.
She was real.
If we forget about her,
then the world
will forget about her.
It'll be like
she never existed.
Like her life
didn't matter.
EMMA: See, it's there.
And there.
It's just a number.
In English.
Everything else in here
is in Chinese.
She must have
seen it somewhere.
The journal,
I found it in room four.
Where are you going?
Where do you think?
This is where I found it.
Right here,
under the carpet.
These girls were
brought here from China.
Then guys came to the motel
to try them out.
Who do you think
brought them?
Have you met Keith?
The guy who owned
this place before you?
He's disturbing,
to say the least.
Not someone you want to get
stuck in an elevator with.
There's a bunch of pictures in
here of them chained up to pipes.
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Sorry.
Like this one.
Don't most sinks
have pipes like that?
Oh, my God, Norman.
There's something down here.
Looks like...
It's Chinese.
She was here, Norman.
She was real.
You Okay?
(SIGHS)
Look, um, I know I don't
know you that well,
but you seem like
a really nice person,
and right now,
I really need a friend.
I mean, why is this guy
harassing me?
I'm trying to start
a new business.
I have all my money
wrapped up in that place,
and now I'm staring at God knows how
many medical bills with my boy.
Did you know that
he was in the hospital today?
No, I didn't know that.
Is he okay?
He is, he is.
Good.
So I can't tell you
how frustrating it is.
It's irritating.
I can't have cops coming in and
out of my home over nothing.
I mean, it's not like
they found anything.
You know,
I'm on duty, Norma.
You are.
I am.
But we should talk later.
Talk about what?
I'll tell you.
Maybe over dinner?
Why don't you come over
to my place,
say around 8:00?
Okay-
Okay.
Great.
Mmm-hmm.
I'll see you then, okay.
All right.
Hey, Norma,
don't worry, all right?
Everything's
gonna be okay.
Where are you going?
I'm going to
put on a face.
I'm having dinner
with Shelby.
Why?
Because, Norman, he knows.
He knows about the belt.
WOW. (CHUCKLES)
Well, don't you look nice?
Thank you.
Come on. Come in.
Dinner's almost ready.
Can I take your coat
for you?
Oh, thank you.
Mmm-hmm.
Would you like a drink?
Sure.
What's your poison?
Whatever you got.
I'm not picky.
All right.
Jack and coke okay?
Sure. Thank you.
Cheers.
Please.
(EXHALES)
So, um, what's the deal?
I'm worried about my business.
I'm worried about my boy.
What's going on?
Well, (SIGHS)
how 'bout we start with you
telling me
about the belt?
What belt? No, don't, don't, don't...
Don't do that.
Look, if we're gonna
help each other,
we've gotta be honest
with each other.
That is the only thing
that matters to me, Norma,
is honesty.
So please tell me,
why did your son have
Keith's belt under his bed?
That Romero has...
He's got it out for me.
Romero never saw the belt.
He never saw the belt.
I found it. I took it.
So no one else knows.
Thank you.
Keith was a bully.
Guy had... He had
a hell of a temper.
I notice you have
a bit of a temper yourself.
(CHUCKLES)
I suppose.
What is this? Where did
you get this scar, Norma?
When I was a child.
It's, um,
just an accident.
Was that what
happened to Keith?
Was that an accident?
Norma, did your son
kill Keith?
No, no.
No, of course not, no.
Is there anything else
you wanna say?
What could I possibly say?
Look, I know that you
have spent your life
taking care
of other people.
But you're making
their problems yours.
You're carrying
that weight.
And you wear that
like armor,
but the truth is
it is weighing you down.
I'm gonna change that.
Now I am gonna take care
of you, Norma Bates.
So don't you worry, okay?
Everything is going to be fine.
God, you are so beautiful,
it just makes my heart hurt.
Where'd you learn
to hunt?
South Dakota.
I was on a natural gas fracking
crew outside of Aberdeen.
Not much else to do on the
weekends besides hunt.
That where your family
moved from, South Dakota?
No. No, my brother,
he's 17.
He and my mom moved here
from Arizona.
So where are your folks
originally from?
My dad grew up in Kansas.
Don't talk to him anymore.
But my mom...
Honestly, I don't know
where she's from.
She's talked about Missouri and
told some stories about Colorado.
(CHUCKLES) You don't know
where your own mom's from?
You got a brother, right?
Yeah. Yeah, a half-brother.
Nice. You guys
close or what?
Not really.
(MEN TALKING ON TV)
Mother?
No. It's just me.
(SIGHS)
Can I give you
some advice?
You gotta cut that
shit out.
"Mother?" It's just weird.
It's just a habit.
I guess calling your mom
a whore is perfectly normal.
Were you in the hospital?
Mom tell you?
No, you still have
the bracelet on.
Here.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
So why isn't mom here
taking care of you?
Shouldn't there be some
homemade chicken soup
on the stove
or something?
Oh, she's out.
She should have
been back hours ago.
She hasn't answered
my calls or texts.
I'm getting
really worried.
I mean, it's not like her
to just not answer.
I tried to go to bed,
but I just...
You know.
What am I supposed to do?
You need to get out
more, Norman.
What she's doing to you,
it's not healthy.
She's smothering you.
There's a whole world out there.
You need some perspective.
I'm sorry you tried to
kill me the other night.
I hardly think
I tried to kill you.
You came at me
with a meat tenderizer.
Oh, I did?
You're making
this up, right?
(SCOFFS)
You were pretty badass.
Yeah, I'm sure I struck
fear in your heart.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Our family's
so screwed up.
I guess we are.
Well, then I'm sorry
I tried to kill you,
according to you anyway.
It's cool.
Norman.
Mother?
You have to go to bed.
Shh, everything's okay
for now.
What does that mean,
for now?
Zack has the belt.
He does. He hid it, and he
seems to want to help us.
Seems to want to help us?
(STUTTERING) Norman, I... Please.
I'm tired. I'm exhausted.
If anyone ever told me everything
I would've gone through today,
I never would
have believed it.
Okay, all I can tell you is,
feel fairly safe,
so don't worry.
Mom, what does this mean?
Mother, please, I need to know.
I've been waiting all night.
Oh, Norman,
what can I say?
What do you want me to say?
It is what it is.
Deputy Shelby
has the belt,
and he's gonna protect us.
This is a bad idea.
What?
Letting him use you.
I'm not gonna have
this discussion with you.
What if he wants more?
What if he makes you do things,
things you don't want to do?
Well, what do you
want me to say?
Norman, why would you
keep that thing, why?
Why would you keep it?
I just don't understand,
I don't, and I want to.
I just like to keep mementos. You know,
all that stuff I have in my room.
But those were good experiences,
that's good experience.
A day at the lake,
I get that.
This wasn't a good experience.
This was horrible.
It was violent.
I was sexually assaulted,
and I killed a man.
Why would you ever,
ever in a million years,
why would you want to
keep a memento of that?
I'm so sorry, Mother.
(SIGHS)
Don't worry, okay?
Don't worry.
I'm here for you, honey.
I'm here for you,
no matter what.
I'm here for you.
Well, hey.
Hey-
How come
you're at school?
My mom said it would
be good for normalcy,
as if that's possible.
I'm happy to see you.
Um, Norman.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Sure.
I posted that photo
on Yahoo! Answers
and got it translated.
That Chinese character.
It's Jiao.
It means beautiful.
That's really sad.
I'm going to the police
after school
I'm gonna tell them
about the journal you found.
Do not do that.
Why?
'Cause I don't want to get messed up with the police.
I can't explain it to you.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe this is real.
But finding out what
happened to this girl
isn't gonna make
a difference to anyone.
She's still gonna be dead,
you're still gonna be sick,
and I'm still gonna be
who I am.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. I'm just telling you
I can't deal with this right now.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
NORMA: You were right.
As long as Shelby has that
belt, he can control us.
He can make us
do things,
things we don't want to do.
Just like
your father did.
We can't let that happen,
not again.
This is all your fault.
I know, Mother.
There's something
wrong with me.
You know what you have
to do, don't you?
I have to get that belt.
(GROWLING)
(DOG BARKING)
Are you, uh...
Are you all right?
Help me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org